clearplayerclasses
addplayerclass MegamanC nomenu
addplayerclass Protoman nomenu
addplayerclass Bass nomenu
addplayerclass Duo nomenu
//addplayerclass Protoman nomenu
//addplayerclass Bass nomenu
//addplayerclass Duo nomenu
addplayerclass Maestro nomenu
addplayerclass RockClass nomenu
addplayerclass RollClass nomenu
addplayerclass AutoClass nomenu
addplayerclass LightRyu nomenu
addplayerclass DrWily nomenu
addplayerclass SniperJoe nomenu

addplayerclass Cutman nomenu
addplayerclass Gutsman nomenu
addplayerclass Iceman nomenu
addplayerclass Bombman nomenu
addplayerclass Fireman nomenu
addplayerclass Elecman nomenu
addplayerclass Timeman nomenu
addplayerclass Oilman nomenu
addplayerclass YellowDevil nomenu //yet.

addplayerclass Metalman nomenu
addplayerclass Airman nomenu
addplayerclass Bubbleman nomenu
addplayerclass Quickman nomenu
addplayerclass Crashman nomenu
addplayerclass Flashman nomenu
addplayerclass Heatman nomenu
addplayerclass Woodman nomenu
addplayerclass Alien nomenu

//addplayerclass MetalmanRNC nomenu
//addplayerclass AirmanRNC nomenu
//addplayerclass BubblemanRNC nomenu
//addplayerclass QuickmanRNC nomenu
//addplayerclass CrashmanRNC nomenu
//addplayerclass FlashmanRNC nomenu
//addplayerclass HeatmanRNC nomenu
//addplayerclass WoodmanRNC nomenu

addplayerclass Needleman nomenu
addplayerclass Magnetman nomenu
addplayerclass Geminiman nomenu
addplayerclass Hardman nomenu
addplayerclass Topman nomenu
addplayerclass Snakeman nomenu
addplayerclass Sparkman nomenu
addplayerclass Shadowman nomenu
addplayerclass DocRobot nomenu
//addplayerclass Breakman nomenu not yet :^)

addplayerclass Brightman nomenu
addplayerclass Toadman nomenu
addplayerclass Drillman nomenu
addplayerclass Pharaohman nomenu
addplayerclass Ringman nomenu
addplayerclass Dustman nomenu
addplayerclass Diveman nomenu
addplayerclass Skullman nomenu

addplayerclass Gravityman nomenu
addplayerclass Waveman nomenu
addplayerclass Stoneman nomenu
addplayerclass Gyroman nomenu
addplayerclass Starman nomenu
addplayerclass Chargeman nomenu
addplayerclass Napalmman nomenu
addplayerclass Crystalman nomenu
addplayerclass Darkman1 nomenu
addplayerclass Darkman2 nomenu
addplayerclass Darkman3 nomenu
addplayerclass Darkman4 nomenu

addplayerclass Blizzardman nomenu
addplayerclass Centaurman nomenu
addplayerclass Flameman nomenu
addplayerclass Knightman nomenu
addplayerclass Plantman nomenu
addplayerclass Tomahawkman nomenu
addplayerclass Windman nomenu
addplayerclass Yamatoman nomenu

addplayerclass Freezeman nomenu
addplayerclass Junkman nomenu
addplayerclass Burstman nomenu
addplayerclass Cloudman nomenu
addplayerclass Springman nomenu
addplayerclass Slashman nomenu
addplayerclass Shademan nomenu
addplayerclass Turboman nomenu

addplayerclass Tenguman nomenu
addplayerclass Astroman nomenu
addplayerclass Swordman nomenu
addplayerclass Clownman nomenu
addplayerclass Searchman nomenu
addplayerclass Frostman nomenu
addplayerclass Grenademan nomenu
addplayerclass Aquaman nomenu
addplayerclass OriginalDuo nomenu
addplayerclass Trio nomenu

addplayerclass Dynamoman nomenu
addplayerclass Coldman nomenu
addplayerclass Groundman nomenu
addplayerclass Pirateman nomenu
addplayerclass Burnerman nomenu
addplayerclass Magicman nomenu
addplayerclass KingClass nomenu

addplayerclass Concreteman nomenu
addplayerclass Tornadoman nomenu
addplayerclass Splashwoman nomenu
addplayerclass Plugman nomenu
addplayerclass Jewelman nomenu
addplayerclass Hornetman nomenu
addplayerclass Magmaman nomenu
addplayerclass Galaxyman nomenu
addplayerclass Fakeman nomenu

addplayerclass Blademan nomenu
addplayerclass Pumpman nomenu
addplayerclass Commandoman nomenu
addplayerclass Chillman nomenu
addplayerclass Sheepman nomenu
addplayerclass Strikeman nomenu
addplayerclass Nitroman nomenu
addplayerclass Solarman nomenu

addplayerclass Terra nomenu
addplayerclass Mercury nomenu
addplayerclass Venus nomenu
addplayerclass Mars nomenu
addplayerclass Jupiter nomenu
addplayerclass Saturn nomenu
addplayerclass Uranus nomenu
addplayerclass Pluto nomenu
addplayerclass Neptune nomenu
addplayerclass Sunstar nomenu

//addplayerclass Blockman nomenu
addplayerclass Fuseman nomenu
addplayerclass Blastman nomenu
addplayerclass Acidman nomenu
addplayerclass Tundraman nomenu
addplayerclass Torchman nomenu
//addplayerclass Impactman nomenu
addplayerclass Bounceman nomenu

addplayerclass BusterRodG nomenu
addplayerclass MegaWaterS nomenu
addplayerclass HyperStormH nomenu

addplayerclass Enker nomenu
addplayerclass Punk nomenu
addplayerclass Ballade nomenu
addplayerclass Quint nomenu
addplayerclass RaThor nomenu

addplayerclass BBAMegaman nomenu


//Tricking the Menu
alias !cbm_justjoin "closemenu;join"

//Class Information ALIAS
alias classhelp "menuconsole;menu_CH_NumHelp;puke 22693"//452
alias cbm_SetCHelpNum "pukename cbm_SetCH_MenuNum"

alias menuclasshelp "menuconsole;classhelp"//452
alias menu_CH_NumHelp "cbm_SetCHelpNum"


//alias !EXAMPLE "closemenu;pukename EXAMPLE 0"


alias +rapidattackc "+user1; +altattack"
alias -rapidattackc "-user1; -altattack"

addmenukey "Reload/Extra Attack" +reload

addkeysection "Strafe Run 50 (SR50)" SR50
addmenukey "Strafe Left" +left2
addmenukey "Strafe Right" +right2
addmenukey "ACTIVATE SR50" +sr

alias +left2 "+left; +moveleft"
alias -sr "turnspeeds 0; -strafe"
alias +sr "turnspeeds 65536; +strafe"
alias +right2 "+right; +moveright"
alias -right2 "-right; -moveright"
alias -left2 "-left; -moveleft"
